Updated shortName in Environment resource to have min length 1 (#39)
Axual/terraform-provider-axual: docs/index.md

# Getting started
## Required User Roles
- The Terraform User who is logged in(Default username kubernetes@axual.com), needs to have both of the following user roles:
	- **APPLICATION_ADMIN** - for creating application principal resource(axual_application_principal) and for create access request()

> 	- **STREAM_ADMIN** - for revoking access request

Reviewer: Are these extra spaces needed?

Author: not really. removed

  properties = {
    "segment.ms"="60002"
  }

>  }

Reviewer: Let's cleanup this extra space

Author: done

## Compatibility

> - This terraform provider requires Management API 8.5.0+ due to some incompatible return types bugs fixed and replacement of depricated endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This terraform provider requires Management API 8.5.0 or later due to some incompatible return types bugs fixed and replacement of deprecated endpoint.
```
